- [Frank] So before I let you go,
I want to talk a little bit about what we've done
and what's next.
Real quick on a review.
So we've introduced the concepts around Spring Security,
and what it does, and how it operates,
as well as some of the security terminology
that you should know when you're working in this paradigm.
We've secured a basic web application.
We did it through basic auth.
We did it through forms-based authentication.
We used an in-memory bogus database.
We've used a real database that exists on the system.
We've also integrated it with LDAP.
We've looked at OAuth 2 and built an OAuth 2 client.
And we've done security
around a reactive-based web application.
Now, what I always encourage people
to do as they're working in Spring
and they are starting to get deep
into different concepts is to get involved.
Find a local Spring user group.
If there isn't one, consider starting one.
I'm one of the co-founders
of the local Kansas City Spring user group
that we've now merged into a Java user group,
which I also helped co-found.
But it's a very valuable way
to not only meet people in the community,
but to have really good discussions maybe you can present.
Join an online community.
Something like Stack Overflow.
And in that online community, become active,
answer questions that you know,
ask questions that you need help with;
and follow the contributors and the advocates on Twitter.
A lot of times,
the content that they're building for things
that they're working on in the framework
or presentations they're giving, they will put links to.
And that's a great way
to kind of get involved with the community
while at the same time learning the behavior
that you need to to be successful as a Spring developer.
And if you're so inclined, commit to the project.
They've got a ton of bugs that are great starter bugs
or great starter contributions
that you can get involved with.
But if nothing else, asking them questions,
learn what they're doing, follow them.
Now, my commitment to you.
I take teaching here
on LinkedIn Learning very, very seriously.
And I actually am very grateful of the fact
that you have spent your time
with me to learn this material.
And that doesn't fall lightly on me.
You can take your time in many different places,
but you've chosen to do it here.
And I am appreciative of that.
Hence the reason that my commitment exists.
And that commitment doesn't end with this video ending.
Reach out to me on places like Twitter, or Stack Overflow,
or GitHub at my handle on all three of FP Moles.
Ask questions or answer other people's questions
on the LinkedIn Learning platform itself.
It's a great tool that you get
just by being a member of LinkedIn Learning
where you can ask me questions,
ask others questions, or answer things.
It works very much the same way that Stack Overflow does,
but it's specific to the content of the video
that we're talking about or the course itself.
And finally, I ask you to provide me course feedback.
This update itself has many different changes
from the original version based on feedback
from other learners.
And I take it very seriously.
I listen and I try to adjust not only my teaching style,
but the material based on what people
want out of these courses.
So I love feedback;
whether it's negative or positive, I love hearing it.
So please provide it.
With all that being said,
I want to thank you again for your time.
And I hope to see you around working in Spring.